# Book-store-Analysis
Beginner Level Data Analysis project using SQL

Welcome to the Book-store Analysis project! This project is designed to provide insights into the sales and popularity of books across various cities using SQL data analysis. Below is a brief overview of the project's objectives and tasks.

# Objective
Imagine you run a chain of bookstores. Your task is to create a sample dataset of your favorite books, capturing the following details for each book:

Book_ID
Book Name
Publisher
ISBN
Edition
Number of pages
Sales
City
Price
Using this dataset, you'll perform various SQL queries to analyze and answer key business questions.

# Tasks
Task #01
Identify the most expensive book.

Task #02
Determine the most popular books in each city.

Task #03
List the top 5 most bought books.

Task #04
Calculate the total revenue generated by each city.

Task #05
Categorize books based on their price range into three categories:

"Affordable" for books priced below $15.00
"Moderate" for books priced between $15.00 and $25.00
"Expensive" for books priced $25.00 and above
Task #06
Identify the three least preferred books by readers.

# Getting Started
Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/nabeelhussain13/Book-store-Analysis

Set up your database:
Import the sample dataset into your preferred SQL database.

Run the SQL queries:
Use the provided SQL scripts to perform the analysis tasks.

# Contributing
Feel free to contribute to this project by submitting issues, feature requests, or pull requests. We welcome any improvements or additional analysis you can provide.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Thank you for checking out the Book-store Analysis project! We hope you find it useful and informative.
